# Important Questions (Points)

**AWS X-Ray** - You can use AWS X-Ray to analyze and debug serverless and distributed applications such as those built using a microservices architecture. With X-Ray, you can understand how your 
application and its underlying services are performing to identify and troubleshoot the root cause of performance issues and errors.

How X-Ray Works:

![https://d1.awsstatic.com/Products/product-name/Images/product-page-diagram_AWS-X-Ray_how-it-works.2922edd4bfe011e997dbf32fdf8bd520bcbc85fb.png](https://d1.awsstatic.com/Products/product-name/Images/product-page-diagram_AWS-X-Ray_how-it-works.2922edd4bfe011e997dbf32fdf8bd520bcbc85fb.png)

---

**Reserved Instance** - Reserved Instances provide you 
with significant savings (up to 75%) on your Amazon EC2 costs compared 
to On-Demand Instance pricing. Reserved Instances are not physical 
instances, but rather a billing discount applied to the use of On-Demand
 Instances in your account. You can purchase a Reserved Instance for a 
one-year or three-year commitment, with the three-year commitment 
offering a bigger discount. Reserved instances cannot be interrupted. So
 this is the correct option.

EC2 Pricing Options Overview:

![https://media.datacumulus.com/aws-clf-pt/assets/pt1-q8-i1.jpg](https://media.datacumulus.com/aws-clf-pt/assets/pt1-q8-i1.jpg)

---

**AWS CodeDeploy**

AWS CodeDeploy is a service that automates code deployments to any 
instance, including Amazon EC2 instances and instances running 
on-premises. AWS CodeDeploy makes it easier for you to rapidly release 
new features, helps you avoid downtime during deployment, and handles 
the complexity of updating your applications. You can use AWS CodeDeploy
 to automate deployments, eliminating the need for error-prone manual 
operations, and the service scales with your infrastructure so you can 
easily deploy to one instance or thousands.

---

**AWS Cost Explorer**

AWS Cost Explorer has an easy-to-use interface that lets you 
visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time. 
AWS Cost Explorer includes a default report that helps you visualize the
 costs and usage associated with your top five cost-accruing AWS 
services, and gives you a detailed breakdown of all services in the 
table view. The reports let you adjust the time range to view historical
 data going back up to twelve months to gain an understanding of your 
cost trends. AWS Cost Explorer also supports forecasting to get a better
 idea of what your costs and usage may look like in the future so that 
you can plan.

AWS Cost Explorer Features:

![https://media.datacumulus.com/aws-clf-pt/assets/pt4-q47-i1.jpg](https://media.datacumulus.com/aws-clf-pt/assets/pt4-q47-i1.jpg)

---

**A start-up would like to quickly deploy a popular technology on AWS. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS tool would you use for this task?**

**AWS Quick Starts references**

Quick Starts are built by AWS solutions architects and partners to 
help you deploy popular technologies on AWS, based on AWS best practices
 for security and high availability. These accelerators reduce hundreds 
of manual procedures into just a few steps, so you can build your 
production environment quickly and start using it immediately.

Each Quick Start includes AWS CloudFormation templates that automate 
the deployment and a guide that discusses the architecture and provides 
step-by-step deployment instructions.

---

**A multi-national corporation wants to get expert professional advice on migrating to AWS and managing their applications on AWS Cloud. Which of the following entities would you recommend for this engagement?**

**APN Consulting Partner**

The AWS Partner Network (APN) is the global partner program for 
technology and consulting businesses that leverage Amazon Web Services 
to build solutions and services for customers.

APN Consulting Partners are professional services firms that help 
customers of all types and sizes design, architect, build, migrate, and 
manage their workloads and applications on AWS, accelerating their 
migration to AWS cloud.

APN Partner Types Overview:

![https://media.datacumulus.com/aws-clf-pt/assets/pt1-q1-i1.jpg](https://media.datacumulus.com/aws-clf-pt/assets/pt1-q1-i1.jpg)

---

**EBS** - Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS) is an easy to
 use, high-performance block storage service designed for use with 
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) for both throughput and 
transaction-intensive workloads at any scale. A broad range of 
workloads, such as relational and non-relational databases, enterprise 
applications, containerized applications, big data analytics engines, 
file systems, and media workflows are widely deployed on Amazon EBS.

**Instance Store** - An instance store provides 
temporary block-level storage for your EC2 instance. This storage is 
located on disks that are physically attached to the host computer. 
Instance store is ideal for the temporary storage of information that 
changes frequently, such as buffers, caches, scratch data, and other 
temporary content, or for data that is replicated across a fleet of 
instances, such as a load-balanced pool of web servers. Instance storage
 is temporary, data is lost if instance experiences failure or is 
terminated. EC2 instance store cannot be used for file sharing between 
instances.

---

A Cloud Practitioner would like to get operational insights of its resources to quickly identify any issues that might impact applications using those resources. Which AWS service can help with this task?

**AWS Systems Manager**

AWS Systems Manager allows you to centralize operational data from 
multiple AWS services and automate tasks across your AWS resources. You 
can create logical groups of resources such as applications, different 
layers of an application stack, or production versus development 
environments.

With Systems Manager, you can select a resource group and view its 
recent API activity, resource configuration changes, related 
notifications, operational alerts, software inventory, and patch 
compliance status. You can also take action on each resource group 
depending on your operational needs. Systems Manager provides a central 
place to view and manage your AWS resources, so you can have complete 
visibility and control over your operations.

How AWS Systems Manager works:

![https://media.datacumulus.com/aws-clf-pt/assets/pt5-q58-i1.jpg](https://media.datacumulus.com/aws-clf-pt/assets/pt5-q58-i1.jpg)

---

Which of the following AWS Support plans provides access to online training with self-paced labs?

**Enterprise**

AWS offers three different support plans to cater to each of its 
customers - Developer, Business, and Enterprise Support plans. A basic 
support plan is included for all AWS customers.

AWS Enterprise Support provides customers with concierge-like service
 where the main focus is on helping the customer achieve their outcomes 
and find success in the cloud. With Enterprise Support, you get access 
to online training with self-paced labs, 24x7 technical support from 
high-quality engineers, tools and technology to automatically manage the
 health of your environment, consultative architectural guidance, a 
designated Technical Account Manager (TAM) to coordinate access to 
proactive/preventative programs and AWS subject matter experts.

AWS Enterprise Support Plan Offerings:

![https://d1.awsstatic.com/product-marketing/AWS%20Support/Support_assets/ES%20graphic.4eefb3e4efe68c6e1b0ddc5a0da81f1b80fa3664.png](https://d1.awsstatic.com/product-marketing/AWS%20Support/Support_assets/ES%20graphic.4eefb3e4efe68c6e1b0ddc5a0da81f1b80fa3664.png)

---

**Security**

"Who did what" is nothing but traceability of action by any user on 
the system. It tells us which user performed what action on the system. 
Traceability is part of the Security design principle of AWS Cloud. So 
this is the correct option.

The Well-Architected Framework has been developed to help cloud 
architects build secure, high-performing, resilient, and efficient 
infrastructure for their applications. Based on five pillars — 
operational excellence, security, reliability, performance efficiency, 
and cost optimization — the Framework provides a consistent approach for
 customers and partners to evaluate architectures, and implement designs
 that will scale over time.

Overview of the five pillars of the Well-Architected Framework:

![https://media.datacumulus.com/aws-clf-pt/assets/pt2-q22-i1.jpg](https://media.datacumulus.com/aws-clf-pt/assets/pt2-q22-i1.jpg)

---

**Multi-AZ enhances database availability**

Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployments provide enhanced availability and 
durability for RDS database (DB) instances, making them a natural fit 
for production database workloads. When you provision a Multi-AZ DB 
Instance, Amazon RDS automatically creates a primary DB Instance and 
synchronously replicates the data to a standby instance in a different 
Availability Zone (AZ).

In case of an infrastructure failure, Amazon RDS performs an 
automatic failover to the standby so that you can resume database 
operations as soon as the failover is complete.

How Multi-AZ Works:

![https://d1.awsstatic.com/asset-repository/multi-az-deployments.bda9d7bf45a74103d0331a985baf2c5fb838a0fa.png](https://d1.awsstatic.com/asset-repository/multi-az-deployments.bda9d7bf45a74103d0331a985baf2c5fb838a0fa.png)

Please review the differences between Multi-AZ, Multi-Region and Read Replica deployments for RDS:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled.png)

---

**CloudTrail**

You can use CloudTrail to log, monitor and retain account activity 
related to actions across your AWS infrastructure. CloudTrail provides 
an event history of your AWS account activity, including actions taken 
through the AWS Management Console, AWS SDKs, command-line tools, and 
other AWS services.

How CloudTrail Works:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%201.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%201.png)

---

Please check out the following six advantages of Cloud Computing. You would certainly be asked questions on the advantages of Cloud Computing compared to a traditional on-premises setup:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%202.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%202.png)

---

**AWS Single Sign-On (SSO)**

AWS SSO is an AWS service that enables you to makes it easy to 
centrally manage access to multiple AWS accounts and business 
applications and provide users with single sign-on access to all their 
assigned accounts and applications from one place.

With AWS SSO, you can easily manage SSO access and user permissions 
to all of your accounts in AWS Organizations centrally. AWS SSO allows 
you to create and manage user identities in AWS SSO’s identity store, or
 easily connect to your existing identity source including Microsoft 
Active Directory, Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), and Okta Universal 
Directory.

You can use AWS SSO to quickly and easily assign and manage your 
employees’ access to multiple AWS accounts, SAML-enabled cloud 
applications (such as Salesforce, Office 365, and Box), and custom-built
 in-house applications, all from a central place.

How AWS SSO works:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%203.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%203.png)

---

What is the primary benefit of deploying an RDS database in a Read Replica configuration?

**Read Replica improves database scalability**

Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) makes it easy to set 
up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. Read Replicas
 allow you to create read-only copies that are synchronized with your 
master database. Read Replicas are used for improved read performance. 
You can also place your read replica in a different AWS Region closer to
 your users for better performance. **Read Replicas are an example of 
horizontal scaling of resources.**

Read Replica Overview:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%204.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%204.png)

---

**Which AWS service can help you analyze your infrastructure to identify unattached or underutilized EBS volumes?**

**AWS Trusted Advisor**

AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides real-time 
guidance to help provision your resources following AWS best practices. 
Whether establishing new workflows, developing applications, or as part 
of ongoing improvement, recommendations provided by Trusted Advisor 
regularly help keep your solutions provisioned optimally. AWS Trusted 
Advisor analyzes your AWS environment and provides best practice 
recommendations in five categories: Cost Optimization, Performance, 
Security, Fault Tolerance, Service Limits.

AWS Trusted Advisor can check Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
 volume configurations and warns when volumes appear to be underused. 
Charges begin when a volume is created. If a volume remains unattached 
or has very low write activity (excluding boot volumes) for a period of 
time, the volume is probably not being used.

How Trusted Advisor Works:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%205.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%205.png)

---

**An IT company is on a cost-optimization spree and wants to identify all EC2 instances that are under-utilized. Which AWS services can be used to address this use-case? (Select two)**

How AWS Trusted Advisor identifies low utilization Amazon EC2 instances:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%206.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%206.png)

**AWS Cost Explorer**

AWS Cost Explorer has an easy-to-use interface that lets you 
visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time. 
AWS Cost Explorer includes a default report that helps you visualize the
 costs and usage associated with your top five cost-accruing AWS 
services, and gives you a detailed breakdown of all services in the 
table view. The reports let you adjust the time range to view historical
 data going back up to twelve months to gain an understanding of your 
cost trends.

The rightsizing recommendations feature in Cost Explorer helps you 
identify cost-saving opportunities by downsizing or terminating EC2 
instances. You can see all of your underutilized EC2 instances across 
member accounts in a single view to immediately identify how much you 
can save.

---

**An AWS user is trying to launch an EC2 instance in a given region. What is the region-specific constraint that the Amazon Machine Image (AMI) must meet so that it can be used for this EC2 instance?**

You must use an AMI from the same region as that of the EC2 
instance. The region of the AMI has no bearing on the performance of the
 EC2 instance

An Amazon Machine Image (AMI) provides the information required to 
launch an instance. You must specify an AMI when you launch an instance.
 You can launch multiple instances from a single AMI when you need 
multiple instances with the same configuration.

The AMI must be in the same region as that of the EC2 instance to be 
launched. If the AMI exists in a different region, you can copy that AMI
 to the region where you want to launch the EC2 instance. The region of 
AMI has no bearing on the performance of the EC2 instance.

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%207.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%207.png)

---

A photo sharing web application wants to store thumbnails of user-uploaded images on Amazon S3. The thumbnails are rarely used but need to be immediately accessible from the web application. The thumbnails can be regenerated easily if they are lost. Which is the most cost-effective way to store these thumbnails on S3?

**Use S3 One-Zone Infrequent Access (One-Zone IA) to store the thumbnails**

S3 One Zone-IA is for data that is accessed less frequently but 
requires rapid access when needed. Unlike other S3 Storage Classes which
 store data in a minimum of three Availability Zones (AZs), S3 One 
Zone-IA stores data in a single AZ and costs 20% less than S3 
Standard-IA. S3 One Zone-IA offers the same high durability, high 
throughput, and low latency of S3 Standard, with a low per GB storage 
price and per GB retrieval fee. Although S3 One Zone-IA offers less 
availability than S3 Standard but that's not an issue for the given 
use-case since the thumbnails can be regenerated easily.

As the thumbnails are rarely used but need to be rapidly accessed 
when required, so S3 One Zone-IA is the best choice for this use-case.

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%208.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%208.png)

---

**Use CloudWatch Logs for both the EC2 instance and the on-premises servers**

You can use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to monitor, store, and access your
 log files from Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances, AWS
 CloudTrail, Route 53, and other sources such as on-premises servers.

CloudWatch Logs enables you to centralize the logs from all of your 
systems, applications, and AWS services that you use, in a single, 
highly scalable service. You can then easily view them, search them for 
specific error codes or patterns, filter them based on specific fields, 
or archive them securely for future analysis.

---

**Use AWS Organizations to manage AWS accounts of all units and then share the reserved EC2 instances amongst all units**

AWS Organizations helps you to centrally manage billing; control 
access, compliance, and security; and share resources across your AWS 
accounts. Using AWS Organizations, you can automate account creation, 
create groups of accounts to reflect your business needs, and apply 
policies for these groups for governance. You can also simplify billing 
by setting up a single payment method for all of your AWS accounts. AWS 
Organizations is available to all AWS customers at no additional charge.

Key Features of AWS Organizations:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%209.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%209.png)

---

A financial services enterprise plans to enable Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) for its employees. For ease of travel, they prefer not to use any physical devices to implement MFA. Which of the below options is best suited for this use case?

**Virtual MFA device**

A software app that runs on a phone or other device and emulates a 
physical device. The device generates a six-digit numeric code based 
upon a time-synchronized one-time password algorithm. The user must type
 a valid code from the device on a second webpage during sign-in. Each 
virtual MFA device assigned to a user must be unique. A user cannot type
 a code from another user's virtual MFA device to authenticate.

Google Authenticator is an example of a Virtual MFA device

---

**Which of the following AWS services are always free to use (Select two)?**

**Identity and Access Management (IAM)** - AWS Identity 
and Access Management (IAM) enables you to manage access to AWS services
 and resources securely. Using IAM, you can create and manage AWS users 
and groups, and use permissions to allow and deny their access to AWS 
resources. IAM is a feature of your AWS account offered at no additional
 charge.

**AWS Auto Scaling** - AWS Auto Scaling monitors your 
applications and automatically adjusts the capacity to maintain steady, 
predictable performance at the lowest possible cost. Using AWS Auto 
Scaling, it’s easy to setup application scaling for multiple resources 
across multiple services in minutes. AWS Auto Scaling is available at no
 additional charge. You pay only for the AWS resources needed to run 
your applications and Amazon CloudWatch monitoring fees.

---

**AWS CloudHSM**

AWS CloudHSM is a cloud-based Hardware Security Module (HSM) that 
enables you to easily generate and use your encryption keys on the AWS 
Cloud. With CloudHSM, you can manage your encryption keys using FIPS 
140-2 Level 3 validated HSMs. It is a fully-managed service that 
automates time-consuming administrative tasks for you, such as hardware 
provisioning, software patching, high-availability, and backups.

Please review this detailed description of how CloudHSM works:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2010.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2010.png)

---

**Which of the following AWS services are part of the AWS Foundation services for the Reliability pillar of the Well-Architected Framework in AWS Cloud? (Select two)**

AWS Trusted Advisor

AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)

---

**Amazon Macie** - Amazon Macie is a fully managed data 
security and data privacy service that uses machine learning and pattern
 matching to discover and protect your sensitive data in AWS. Macie 
automatically provides an inventory of Amazon S3 buckets including a 
list of unencrypted buckets, publicly accessible buckets, and buckets 
shared with AWS accounts outside those you have defined in AWS 
Organizations. Then, Macie applies machine learning and pattern matching
 techniques to the buckets you select to identify and alert you to 
sensitive data, such as personally identifiable information (PII).

How Macie Works:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2011.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2011.png)

---

**Which of the following AWS authentication mechanisms supports a Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) device that you can plug into a USB port on your computer?**

U2F security key - Universal 2nd Factor (U2F) Security Key is a device that you can plug into a USB port on your computer. U2F is an open authentication standard hosted by the FIDO Alliance. When you enable a U2F security key, you sign in by entering your credentials and then tapping the device instead of manually entering a code.

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2012.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2012.png)

---

Route 53 Routing Policy Overview:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2013.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2013.png)

---

**S3 Glacier Deep Archive**

S3 Glacier Deep Archive is Amazon S3’s lowest-cost storage class and 
supports long-term retention and digital preservation for data that may 
be accessed once or twice in a year. It is designed for customers — 
particularly those in highly-regulated industries, such as the Financial
 Services, Healthcare, and Public Sectors — that retain data sets for 
7-10 years or longer to meet regulatory compliance requirements. S3 
Glacier Deep Archive can also be used for backup and disaster recovery 
use cases. It has a retrieval time (first byte latency) of 12 to 48 
hours.

S3 Glacier Deep Archive Overview:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2014.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2014.png)

---

**Data encryption is automatically enabled for which of the following AWS services? (Select two)?**

**Amazon S3 Glacier** - Amazon S3 Glacier (S3 Glacier), 
is a storage service optimized for infrequently used data, or "cold 
data. Data at rest stored in S3 Glacier is automatically server-side 
encrypted using 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-256) with keys
 maintained by AWS.

**AWS Storage Gateway** - AWS Storage Gateway is a 
hybrid cloud storage service that gives you on-premises access to 
virtually unlimited cloud storage. All data transferred between the 
gateway and AWS storage is encrypted using SSL (for all three types of 
gateways - File, Volume and Tape Gateways).

---

**An intern at an IT company provisioned a Linux based On-demand EC2 instance with per-second billing but terminated it within 30 seconds as he wanted to provision another instance type. What is the duration for which the instance would be charged?**

60 seconds - There is a one-minute minimum charge for Linux based EC2 instances, so this is the correct option.

---

**Artifact**

AWS Artifact is your central resource for compliance-related 
information on AWS Cloud. It provides on-demand access to AWS’ security 
and compliance reports and select online agreements. Reports available 
in AWS Artifact include the Service Organization Control (SOC) reports, 
Payment Card Industry (PCI) reports, and certifications from 
accreditation bodies across geographies. Agreements available in AWS 
Artifact also include the Business Associate Addendum (BAA) and the 
Nondisclosure Agreement (NDA).

---

Which benefit of Cloud Computing allows AWS to offer lower pay-as-you-go prices as usage from hundreds of thousands of customers is aggregated in the cloud?

**Massive economies of scale**

Cloud computing is the on-demand delivery of IT resources over the 
Internet with pay-as-you-go pricing. Instead of buying, owning, and 
maintaining physical data centers and servers, you can access technology
 services, such as computing power, storage, and databases, on an 
as-needed basis.

By using cloud computing, you can achieve a lower variable cost than 
you can get on your own. Because usage from hundreds of thousands of 
customers is aggregated in the cloud, providers such as AWS can achieve 
higher economies of scale, which translates into lower pay-as-you-go 
prices.

---

**Use Amazon Transcribe to convert speech to text for 
downstream analysis. Then use Amazon Polly to convey the text results 
via speech**

You can use Amazon Transcribe to add speech-to-text capability to 
your applications. Amazon Transcribe uses a deep learning process called
 automatic speech recognition (ASR) to convert speech to text quickly 
and accurately. Amazon Transcribe can be used to transcribe customer 
service calls, to automate closed captioning and subtitling, and to 
generate metadata for media assets.

Amazon Transcribe Use-Cases:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2015.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2015.png)

You can use Amazon Polly to turn text into lifelike speech thereby 
allowing you to create applications that talk. Polly's Text-to-Speech 
(TTS) service uses advanced deep learning technologies to synthesize 
natural sounding human speech.

Amazon Polly Benefits:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2016.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2016.png)

---

AWS Organizations provides which of the following benefits? (Select two)

**Volume discounts for Amazon EC2 and Amazon S3 aggregated across the member AWS accounts**

**Share the reserved EC2 instances amongst the member AWS accounts**

---

Which of the following are correct statements regarding the AWS Shared Responsibility Model? (Select two)

Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility between AWS and 
the customer. This shared model can help relieve the customer’s 
operational burden as AWS operates, manages and controls the components 
from the host operating system and virtualization layer down to the 
physical security of the facilities in which the service operates.

**AWS is responsible for Security "of" the Cloud** - AWS
 is responsible for protecting the infrastructure that runs all of the 
services offered in the AWS Cloud. This infrastructure is composed of 
the hardware, software, networking, and facilities that run AWS Cloud 
services.

"For abstracted services like Amazon S3, AWS operates the 
infrastructure layer, the operating system, and platforms" - For 
abstracted services, such as Amazon S3 and Amazon DynamoDB, AWS operates
 the infrastructure layer, the operating system, and platforms, and 
customers access the endpoints to store and retrieve data.

Shared Responsibility Model Overview:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2017.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2017.png)

---

Which of the following options is NOT a feature of Amazon Inspector?

**Track configuration changes**

Tracking configuration changes is a feature of AWS Config.

AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and 
evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources. Config continuously 
monitors and records your AWS resource configurations and allows you to 
automate the evaluation of recorded configurations against desired 
configurations.

How AWS Config works:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2018.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2018.png)

---

**The AWS account must be able to operate as a standalone account. Only then it can be removed from AWS organizations**

You can remove an account from your organization only if the account 
has the information that is required for it to operate as a standalone 
account. For each account that you want to make standalone, you must 
accept the AWS Customer Agreement, choose a support plan, provide and 
verify the required contact information, and provide a current payment 
method. AWS uses the payment method to charge for any billable (not AWS 
Free Tier) AWS activity that occurs while the account isn't attached to 
an organization.

---

Which of the following AWS services has encryption enabled by default?

**CloudTrail Logs**

AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, 
operational auditing, and risk auditing of your AWS account. CloudTrail 
can be used to record AWS API calls and other activity for your AWS 
account and save the recorded information to log files in an Amazon 
Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket that you choose. By default, 
the log files delivered by CloudTrail to your S3 bucket are encrypted 
using server-side encryption with Amazon S3–managed encryption keys 
(SSE-S3).

---

**Which AWS services can be used to facilitate organizational change management, part of the Reliability pillar of AWS Well-Architected Framework? (Select three)**

There are three best practice areas for Reliability in the cloud - Foundations, Change Management, Failure Management. Being aware of how change affects a system (change management) allows you to plan proactively, and monitoring allows you to quickly identify trends that could lead to capacity issues or SLA breaches.

AWS Config - AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources. Config continuously monitors and records your AWS resource configurations and allows you to automate the evaluation of recorded configurations against desired configurations.

AWS CloudTrail - AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and risk auditing of your AWS account. With CloudTrail, you can log, continuously monitor, and retain account activity related to actions across your AWS infrastructure. CloudTrail provides event history of your AWS account activity, including actions taken through the AWS Management Console, AWS SDKs, command-line tools, and other AWS services.

Amazon CloudWatch - Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring and observability service built for DevOps engineers, developers, site reliability engineers (SREs), and IT managers. CloudWatch provides data and actionable insights to monitor applications, respond to system-wide performance changes, optimize resource utilization, and get a unified view of operational health.

---

**Which of the following AWS services support reservations to optimize costs? (Select three)**

**EC2 Instances**

**DynamoDB**

**RDS**

The following AWS services support reservations to optimize costs:

Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances: You can use Amazon EC2 Reserved 
Instances to reserve capacity and receive a discount on your instance 
usage compared to running On-Demand instances.

Amazon DynamoDB Reserved Capacity: If you can predict your need for 
Amazon DynamoDB read-and-write throughput, Reserved Capacity offers 
significant savings over the normal price of DynamoDB provisioned 
throughput capacity.

Amazon ElastiCache Reserved Nodes: Amazon ElastiCache Reserved Nodes 
give you the option to make a low, one-time payment for each cache node 
you want to reserve and, in turn, receive a significant discount on the 
hourly charge for that node.

Amazon RDS RIs: Like Amazon EC2 RIs, Amazon RDS RIs can be purchased 
using No Upfront, Partial Upfront, or All Upfront terms. All Reserved 
Instance types are available for Aurora, MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, 
Oracle, and SQL Server database engines.

Amazon Redshift Reserved Nodes: If you intend to keep an Amazon 
Redshift cluster running continuously for a prolonged period, you should
 consider purchasing reserved-node offerings.  These offerings provide 
significant savings over on-demand pricing, but they require you to 
reserve compute nodes and commit to paying for those nodes for either a 
1- or 3-year duration.

---

**The DevOps team at an IT company is moving 500 GB of data from an EC2 instance to an S3 bucket in the same region. Which of the following scenario captures the correct charges for this data transfer?**

**The company would not be charged for this data transfer**

There are three fundamental drivers of cost with AWS: compute, 
storage, and outbound data transfer. In most cases, there is no charge 
for inbound data transfer or data transfer between other AWS services 
within the same region. Outbound data transfer is aggregated across 
services and then charged at the outbound data transfer rate.

Per AWS pricing, data transfer between S3 and EC2 instances within 
the same region is not charged, so there would be no data transfer 
charge for moving 500 GB of data from an EC2 instance to an S3 bucket in
 the same region.

---

**Which of the following is an AWS database service?**

Redshift - Amazon Redshift is a fully-managed petabyte-scale cloud-based data warehouse product designed for large scale data set storage and analysis.

---

A multi-national company has just moved its infrastructure from its on-premises data center to AWS Cloud. As part of the shared responsibility model, AWS is responsible for which of the following?

**Physical and Environmental controls**

As part of the shared responsibility model, Physical and 
Environmental controls are part of the inherited controls and hence 
these are the responsibility of AWS.

---

**Which of the following is the MOST cost-effective option to purchase an EC2 Reserved Instance?**

**Partial upfront payment option with standard 3-years term**

You can use Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances to reserve capacity and 
receive a discount on your instance usage compared to running On-Demand 
instances. The discounted usage price is reserved for the duration of 
your contract, allowing you to predict compute costs over the term of 
the Reserved Instance.

Please review this pricing comparison for EC2 Reserved Instances:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2019.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2019.png)

---

**AWS Shield Advanced provides expanded DDoS attack protection for web applications running on which of the following resources? (Select two)**

**Amazon Route 53**

**AWS Global Accelerator**

AWS Shield Standard is activated for all AWS customers, by default. 
For higher levels of protection against attacks, you can subscribe to 
AWS Shield Advanced. With Shield Advanced, you also have exclusive 
access to advanced, real-time metrics and reports for extensive 
visibility into attacks on your AWS resources. With the assistance of 
the DRT (DDoS response team), AWS Shield Advanced includes intelligent 
DDoS attack detection and mitigation for not only for network layer 
(layer 3) and transport layer (layer 4) attacks but also for application
 layer (layer 7) attacks.

AWS Shield Advanced provides expanded DDoS attack protection for web 
applications running on the following resources: Amazon Elastic Compute 
Cloud, Elastic Load Balancing (ELB), Amazon CloudFront, Amazon Route 53,
 AWS Global Accelerator.

---

**Which of the following are correct statements regarding the AWS Global Infrastructure? (Select two)**

**Each AWS Region consists of two or more Availability Zones**

**Each Availability Zone (AZ) consists of one or more discrete data centers**

AWS has the concept of a Region, which is a physical location around 
the world where AWS clusters data centers.  Each AWS Region consists of 
multiple (two or more), isolated, and physically separate AZ's within a 
geographic area. Each AZ has independent power, cooling, and physical 
security and is connected via redundant, ultra-low-latency networks.

An Availability Zone (AZ) is one or more discrete data centers with 
redundant power, networking, and connectivity in an AWS Region. All AZ’s
 in an AWS Region are interconnected with high-bandwidth, low-latency 
networking, over fully redundant, dedicated metro fiber providing 
high-throughput, low-latency networking between AZ’s.

---

**Which of the following is a benefit of using AWS managed services such as Amazon RDS?\**

**The performance of AWS managed RDS instance is better than a customer-managed database instance**

Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) makes it easy to set 
up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. It provides 
cost-efficient and resizable capacity while automating time-consuming 
administration tasks such as hardware provisioning, database setup, 
patching, and backups.

Amazon RDS provides a selection of instance types optimized to fit 
different relational database use cases. Instance types comprise varying
 combinations of CPU, memory, storage, and networking capacity and give 
you the flexibility to choose the appropriate mix of resources for your 
database to optimize the database for your use-case by selecting the 
correct instance type and size.

As the RDS instances are optimized for memory, performance, or I/O, 
therefore the performance of AWS managed RDS instance is better than a 
customer-managed database instance.

---

**AWS WAF**

AWS WAF is a web application firewall that helps protect web 
applications from attacks by allowing you to configure rules that allow,
 block, or monitor (count) web requests based on conditions that you 
define. These conditions include IP addresses, HTTP headers, HTTP body, 
URI strings, SQL injection, and cross-site scripting. You can use the IP
 address based match rule to block specific geographies. The accuracy of
 the IP Address to country lookup database varies by Region. Based on 
recent tests, AWS mentions that the overall accuracy for the IP address 
to country mapping is 99.8%.

How WAF Works:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2020.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2020.png)

**Route 53**

Route 53 is Amazon's Domain Name System (DNS) web service. You can 
use Route 53 geolocation routing policy to block certain geographies. 
When you use geolocation routing, you can localize your content and 
present some or all of your website in the language of your users. You 
can also use geolocation routing to restrict the distribution of content
 to only the locations in which you have distribution rights.

---

**Which of the following AWS services can be used to prevent Distributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) attack? (Select three)**

**AWS Shield** - AWS Shield is a managed Distributed 
Denial of Service (DDoS) protection service that safeguards applications
 running on AWS. AWS Shield provides always-on detection and automatic 
inline mitigations that minimize application downtime and latency, so 
there is no need to engage AWS Support to benefit from DDoS protection.

**AWS WAF** - By using AWS WAF, you can configure web 
access control lists (Web ACLs) on your CloudFront distributions or 
Application Load Balancers to filter and block requests based on request
 signatures. Besides, by using AWS WAF's rate-based rules, you can 
automatically block the IP addresses of bad actors when requests 
matching a rule exceed a threshold that you define.

**Amazon CloudFront with Route 53** - AWS hosts 
CloudFront and Route 53 services on a distributed network of proxy 
servers in data centers throughout the world called edge locations. 
Using the global Amazon network of edge locations for application 
delivery and DNS service plays an important part in building a 
comprehensive defense against DDoS attacks for your dynamic web 
applications.

---

**What are the different gateway types supported by AWS Storage Gateway service?**

**Tape Gateway, File Gateway and Volume Gateway**

AWS Storage Gateway is a hybrid cloud storage service that connects 
your existing on-premises environments with the AWS Cloud. Customers use
 Storage Gateway to simplify storage management and reduce costs for key
 hybrid cloud storage use cases. These include moving tape backups to 
the cloud, reducing on-premises storage with cloud-backed file shares, 
providing low latency access to data in AWS for on-premises 
applications, as well as various migration, archiving, processing, and 
disaster recovery use cases.

AWS Storage Gateway service provides three different types of 
gateways – Tape Gateway, File Gateway, and Volume Gateway – that 
seamlessly connect on-premises applications to cloud storage, caching 
data locally for low-latency access.

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2021.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2021.png)

---

Which of the following statements are correct about the AWS account root user (Select two)

**Root user access credentials are the email address and password used to create the AWS account**

**It is highly recommended to enable Multi Factor Authentication (MFA) for root user account**

---

An organization has a complex IT architecture involving a lot of system dependencies and it wants to track the history of changes to each resource. Which AWS service will help the organization track the history of configuration changes for all the resources?

**AWS Config**

AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and 
evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources. Config continuously 
monitors and records your AWS resource configurations and allows you to 
automate the evaluation of recorded configurations against desired 
configurations. Think resource-specific history, audit, and compliance; 
think Config.

With AWS Config, you can do the following:
1. Evaluate your AWS resource configurations for desired settings.
2. Get a snapshot of the current configurations of the supported resources that are associated with your AWS account.
3. Retrieve configurations of one or more resources that exist in your account.
4. Retrieve historical configurations of one or more resources.
5. Receive a notification whenever a resource is created, modified, or deleted.
6.View relationships between resources. For example, you might want to find all resources that use a particular security group.

---

Which of the following AWS services is essential for implementing security of resources in AWS Cloud?

**AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)**

AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables you to manage access
 to AWS services and resources securely. Using IAM, you can create and 
manage AWS users and groups, and use permissions to allow and deny their
 access to AWS resources. IAM enables security best practices by 
allowing you to grant unique security credentials to users and groups to
 specify which AWS service APIs and resources they can access. These 
features make IAM an important service for the overall security of AWS 
resources in your account. IAM is secure by default; users have no 
access to AWS resources until permissions are explicitly granted.

---

**A multi-national company wants to migrate its IT infrastructure to AWS Cloud and is looking for a concierge support team as well as a response time of around an hour in case the systems go down. As a Cloud Practitioner, which of the following support plans would you recommend to the company?**

**The Concierge Support Team is only available for the Enterprise Support plan**. The Concierge Team are AWS billing and account experts that specialize in working with enterprise accounts. They will quickly and efficiently assist you with your billing and account inquiries. Enterprise Support plan provides a response time of fewer than 15 minutes for business-critical systems and provides a response time of less than an hour for production systems related outage. So this is the correct option.

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2022.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2022.png)

---

As per the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is a responsibility of AWS from a security and compliance point of view?

**Edge Location Management**

Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility between AWS and 
the customer. This shared model can help relieve the customer’s 
operational burden as AWS operates, manages, and controls the components
 from the host operating system and virtualization layer down to the 
physical security of the facilities in which the service operates.

AWS is responsible for security "of" the cloud. This covers their 
global infrastructure elements including Regions, Availability Zones, 
and Edge Locations.

---

**A developer has written a simple web application in PHP and he wants to just upload his code to AWS Cloud and have AWS handle the deployment automatically but still wants access to the underlying operating system for further enhancements. As a Cloud Practioner, which of the following AWS services would you recommend for this use-case?**

AWS Elastic Beanstalk is an easy-to-use service for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed with Java, .NET, PHP, Node.js, Python, Ruby, Go, and Docker on familiar servers such as Apache, Nginx, Passenger, and IIS. Simply upload your code and Elastic Beanstalk automatically handles the deployment, from capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling to application health monitoring. At the same time, you retain full control over the AWS resources powering your application and can access the underlying resources at any time. There is no additional charge for Elastic Beanstalk - you pay only for the AWS resources needed to store and run your applications.

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2023.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2023.png)

---

A company is using a message broker service on its on-premises application and wants to move this messaging functionality to AWS Cloud. Which of the following AWS services is the right choice to move the existing functionality easily?

**Amazon MQ** - Amazon MQ is a managed message broker 
service for Apache ActiveMQ and RabbitMQ that makes it easy to set up 
and operate message brokers on AWS. Amazon MQ reduces your operational 
responsibilities by managing the provisioning, setup, and maintenance of
 message brokers for you. Because Amazon MQ connects to your current 
applications with industry-standard APIs and protocols, you can easily 
migrate to AWS without having to rewrite code.

If you're using messaging with existing applications, and want to 
move the messaging functionality to the cloud quickly and easily, AWS 
recommends you consider Amazon MQ. It supports industry-standard APIs 
and protocols so you can switch from any standards-based message broker 
to Amazon MQ without rewriting the messaging code in your applications. 
If you are building brand new applications in the cloud, AWS recommends 
you consider Amazon SQS and Amazon SNS.

How MQ works:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2024.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2024.png)

---

As per the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is a responsibility of the customer from a security and compliance point of view?

**Managing patches of the guest operating system on Amazon EC2**

---

Which of the following is correct about AWS "Developer" Support plan?

**Allows one contact to open unlimited cases**

AWS Developer Support plan allows one primary contact to open unlimited cases.

---

Which AWS service helps with global application availability and performance using the AWS global network?

**Global Accelerator**

AWS Global Accelerator is a service that improves the availability 
and performance of your applications with local or global users. It 
provides static IP addresses that act as a fixed entry point to your 
application endpoints in a single or multiple AWS Regions, such as your 
Application Load Balancers, Network Load Balancers, or Amazon EC2 
instances. AWS Global Accelerator uses the AWS global network to 
optimize the path from your users to your applications, improving the 
performance of your traffic by as much as 60%.

Global Accelerator improves performance for a wide range of 
applications over TCP or UDP by proxying packets at the edge to 
applications running in one or more AWS Regions. Global Accelerator is a
 good fit for non-HTTP use cases, such as gaming (UDP), IoT (MQTT), or 
Voice over IP, as well as for HTTP use cases that specifically require 
static IP addresses or deterministic, fast regional failover.

How Global Accelerator Works:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2025.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2025.png)

---

A customer has created a VPC and a subnet within AWS Cloud. Which of the following statements is correct?

A VPC spans all of the Availability Zones in the Region whereas a subnet spans only one Availability Zone in the Region

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2026.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2026.png)

---

**Which AWS service can be used to store, manage, and deploy Docker container images?**

Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR) - Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR) can be used to store, manage, and deploy Docker container images. Amazon ECR eliminates the need to operate your container repositories. You can then pull your docker images from ECR and run those on Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS).

---

**Which tool will help you review your workloads against current AWS best practices for cost optimization, security, and performance improvement and then obtain advice to architect them better?**

Correct option:
**AWS Trusted Advisor**

AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides you real-time 
guidance to help you provision your resources following AWS best 
practices on cost optimization, security, fault tolerance, service 
limits, and performance improvement. Whether establishing new workflows,
 developing applications, or as part of ongoing improvement, 
recommendations provided by Trusted Advisor regularly help keep your 
solutions provisioned optimally. All AWS customers get access to the 
seven core Trusted Advisor checks to help increase the security and 
performance of the AWS environment.

---

According to the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following are responsibilities of the customer (select 2)?

**Operating system patches and updates of an EC2 instance**
 - Security "in" the cloud is the responsibility of the customer. A 
service such as Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) is categorized
 as Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and, as such, requires the 
customer to perform all of the necessary security configuration and 
management tasks.

**Enabling data encryption of data stored in S3 buckets**
 - In the Shared Responsibility Model, customers are responsible for 
managing their data (including encryption options), classifying their 
assets, and using IAM tools to apply the appropriate permissions.

---

**Which AWS service can be used to automate code deployment to EC2 instances as well as on-premises instances?**

**AWS CodeDeploy**

AWS CodeDeploy is a service that automates code deployments to any 
instance, including Amazon EC2 instances and instances running 
on-premises. AWS CodeDeploy makes it easier for you to rapidly release 
new features, helps you avoid downtime during deployment, and handles 
the complexity of updating your applications. You can use AWS CodeDeploy
 to automate deployments, eliminating the need for error-prone manual 
operations, and the service scales with your infrastructure so you can 
easily deploy to one instance or thousands.

---

**An AWS hardware failure has impacted one of your EBS volumes. Which AWS service will alert you of the affected resources and provide a remedial action?**

**AWS Personal Health Dashboard**

AWS Personal Health Dashboard provides alerts and remediation 
guidance when AWS is experiencing events that may impact you. While the 
Service Health Dashboard displays the general status of AWS services, 
Personal Health Dashboard gives you a personalized view of the 
performance and availability of the AWS services underlying your AWS 
resources.
The dashboard displays relevant and timely information to help you 
manage events in progress, and provides proactive notification to help 
you plan for scheduled activities. With Personal Health Dashboard, 
alerts are triggered by changes in the health of AWS resources, giving 
you event visibility, and guidance to help quickly diagnose and resolve 
issues. For example, in the event of an AWS hardware failure impacting 
one of your EBS volumes, you will get an alert that includes a list of 
your affected resources, a recommendation to restore your volume, and 
links to the steps to help you restore it from a snapshot.

---

**Which of the following AWS services are regional in scope? (Select two)**

**AWS Lambda** - AWS Lambda is a compute service that 
lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. AWS Lambda 
executes your code only when needed and scales automatically, from a few
 requests per day to thousands per second. Lambda is a regional service.

**Amazon Rekognition** - With Amazon Rekognition, you 
can identify objects, people, text, scenes, and activities in images and
 videos, as well as detect any inappropriate content. Amazon Rekognition
 also provides highly accurate facial analysis and facial search 
capabilities that you can use to detect, analyze, and compare faces for a
 wide variety of user verification, people counting, and public safety 
use cases. Rekognition is a regional service.

---

**An organization maintains separate VPCs for each of its departments. With expanding business, the organization now wants to connect all VPCs for better departmental collaboration. Which AWS service will help the organization tackle the issue effectively?**

**AWS Transit Gateway**

AWS Transit Gateway connects VPCs and on-premises networks through a 
central hub. This simplifies your network and puts an end to complex 
peering relationships. It acts as a cloud router – each new connection 
is only made once. As you expand globally, inter-Region peering connects
 AWS Transit Gateways using the AWS global network. Your data is 
automatically encrypted and never travels over the public internet.

How Transit Gateway can simplify your network:

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2027.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2027.png)

---

Compared to the On-demand prices, what is the highest possible discount offered for reserved instances?

72

---

**Auto Scaling group scales out and adds more number of EC2 instances to match an increase in demand**

**Auto Scaling group scales in and reduces the number of EC2 instances to match a decrease in demand**

---

**Which of the following is correct regarding the AWS Shield Advanced pricing?**

AWS Shield Advanced offers protection against higher fees that could result from a DDoS attack

---

**Data encryption is automatically enabled for which of the following AWS services? (Select two)?**

**Amazon S3 Glacier** - Amazon S3 Glacier (S3 Glacier), 
is a storage service optimized for infrequently used data, or "cold 
data. Data at rest stored in S3 Glacier is automatically server-side 
encrypted using 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-256) with keys
 maintained by AWS.

**AWS Storage Gateway** - AWS Storage Gateway is a 
hybrid cloud storage service that gives you on-premises access to 
virtually unlimited cloud storage. All data transferred between the 
gateway and AWS storage is encrypted using SSL (for all three types of 
gateways - File, Volume and Tape Gateways).

---

A customer is running a comparative study of pricing models of Amazon EFS and Amazon EBS that are used with the Amazon EC2 instances that host the application. Which of the following statements are correct regarding this use-case? (Select two)

**You will pay a fee each time you read from or write data stored on the EFS - Infrequent Access storage class**
 - The Infrequent Access storage class is cost-optimized for files 
accessed less frequently. Data stored on the Infrequent Access storage 
class costs less than Standard and you will pay a fee each time you read
 from or write to a file.

**Amazon EBS Snapshots are stored incrementally, which means you are billed only for the changed blocks stored**
 - Amazon EBS Snapshots are a point in time copy of your block data.  
For the first snapshot of a volume, Amazon EBS saves a full copy of your
 data to Amazon S3. EBS Snapshots are stored incrementally, which means 
you are billed only for the changed blocks stored.

---

**Which AWS services support High Availability by default? (Select two)**

DynamoDB - Amazon DynamoDB is a key-value and document database that delivers single-digit millisecond performance at any scale. It's a fully managed, multi-Region, multi-master, durable database with built-in security, backup and restore, and in-memory caching for internet-scale applications. All of your data is stored on solid-state disks (SSDs) and is automatically replicated across multiple Availability Zones in an AWS Region, providing built-in high availability and data durability.

EFS - Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) provides a simple, scalable, fully managed elastic NFS file system for use with AWS Cloud services and on-premises resources. It is built to scale on-demand to petabytes without disrupting applications, growing and shrinking automatically as you add and remove files, eliminating the need to provision and manage capacity to accommodate growth. Amazon EFS is a regional service storing data within and across multiple Availability Zones (AZs) for high availability and durability.

---

**An e-commerce company uses AWS Cloud and would like to receive separate invoices for development and production environments. As a Cloud Practioner, which of the following solutions would you recommend for this use-case?**

"Create separate AWS accounts for development and production environments to receive separate invoices"

Every AWS account provides its own invoice end of the month. You can 
get separate invoices for development and production environments by 
setting up separate AWS accounts for each environment.

---

Which of the following are recommended best practices for AWS IAM service? (Select two)

**Enable MFA for all users** - AWS recommends that you 
require multi-factor authentication (MFA) for all users in your account.
 With MFA, users have a device that generates a response to an 
authentication challenge. Both the user's credentials and the 
device-generated response are required to complete the sign-in process.

**Rotate credentials regularly** - AWS recommends that 
you change your own passwords and access keys regularly, and make sure 
that all IAM users in your account do as well. That way, if a password 
or access key is compromised without your knowledge, you limit how long 
the credentials can be used to access your resources. You can apply a 
password policy to your account to require all your IAM users to rotate 
their passwords.

---

Amazon CloudWatch billing metric data is stored in which AWS Region?

**US East (N. Virginia) - us-east-1**

You can monitor your estimated AWS charges by using Amazon 
CloudWatch. Billing metric data is stored in the US East (N. Virginia) 
Region and represents worldwide charges. This data includes the 
estimated charges for every service in AWS that you use, in addition to 
the estimated overall total of your AWS charges.

---

**An IT company would like to move its IT resources from an AWS Region in the US to another AWS Region in Europe. Which of the following represents the correct solution for this use-case?**

The company should just start creating new resources in the destination AWS Region and then migrate the relevant data and applications into this new AWS Region - The company needs to create resources in the new AWS Region and then move the relevant data and applications into the new AWS Region. There is no off-the-shelf solution or service that the company can use to facilitate this transition.

---

Which AWS Route 53 routing policy would you use when you want to route your traffic in an active-passive configuration?

**Failover routing policy**

Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable cloud Domain Name 
System (DNS) web service. It is designed to give developers and 
businesses an extremely reliable and cost-effective way to route end 
users to Internet applications by translating names like www.example.com
 into the numeric IP addresses like 192.0.2.1 that computers use to 
connect to each other.

Failover routing policy is used when you want to configure 
active-passive failover. Failover routing lets you route traffic to a 
resource when the resource is healthy or to a different resource when 
the first resource is unhealthy. The primary and secondary records can 
route traffic to anything from an Amazon S3 bucket that is configured as
 a website to a complex tree of records.

---

**Which of the following statements are CORRECT regarding Security Groups and Network Access Control Lists (NACLs)? (Select two)**

**A Security Group is stateful, that is, it automatically allows the return traffic**

**A NACL contains a numbered list of rules and evaluates these 
rules in the increasing order while deciding whether to allow the 
traffic**

---

Which of the following statements are true about Cost Allocation Tags in AWS Billing? (Select two)

**For each resource, each tag key must be unique, and each tag key can have only one value**

**You must activate both AWS generated tags and user-defined 
tags separately before they can appear in Cost Explorer or on a cost 
allocation report**

---

Which AWS Support plan provides general architectural guidance on how services can be used for various use-cases, workloads, or applications?

Developer - AWS recommends Developer Support plan if you are testing or doing early development on AWS and want the ability to get email-based technical support during business hours. This plan also supports general guidance on how services can be used for various use cases, workloads, or applications. You do not get access to Infrastructure Event Management with this plan.

---

A startup wants to set up its IT infrastructure on AWS Cloud. The CTO would like to receive detailed reports that break down the startup's AWS costs by the hour in an S3 bucket. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you recommend for this use-case?

**AWS Cost and Usage Reports**

The AWS Cost and Usage Reports (AWS CUR) contains the most 
comprehensive set of cost and usage data available. You can use Cost and
 Usage Reports to publish your AWS billing reports to an Amazon Simple 
Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket that you own. You can receive reports
 that break down your costs by the hour or month, by product or product 
resource, or by tags that you define yourself. AWS updates the report in
 your bucket once a day in comma-separated value (CSV) format.

---

**Which budget types can be created under AWS Budgets (Select three)?**

AWS Budgets enable you to plan your service usage, service costs, and
 instance reservations. AWS Budgets information is updated up to three 
times a day. Updates typically occur between 8 to 12 hours after the 
previous update. Budgets track your unblended costs, subscriptions, 
refunds, and RIs. There are four different budget types you can create 
under AWS Budgets - Cost budget, Usage budget, Reservation budget and 
Savings Plans budget.

**Cost budget** - Helps you plan how much you want to spend on a service.

**Usage budget** - Helps you plan how much you want to use one or more services.

**Reservation budget** - This helps you track the usage 
of your Reserved Instances (RI). Two ways of doing it - RI utilization 
budgets (This lets you see if your RIs are unused or under-utilized), RI
 coverage budgets (This lets you see how much of your instance usage is 
covered by a reservation).

---

Which of the following is correct regarding the AWS RDS service?

**You can use Read Replicas for both improved read performance as well as Disaster Recovery**

Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) makes it easy to set 
up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. Read Replicas
 allow you to create read-only copies that are synchronized with your 
master database. Read Replicas are used for improved read performance. 
You can also place your read replica in a different AWS Region closer to
 your users for better performance. Using a cross-Region Read Replica 
can also help ensure that you get back up and running if you experience a
 regional availability issue in case of a disaster. Read Replicas are an
 example of horizontal scaling of resources.

---

As per the Shared Responsibility Model, Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility between AWS and the customer. Which of the following security services falls under the purview of AWS under the Shared Responsibility Model?

**AWS Shield Standard**

AWS Shield is a managed service that protects against Distributed 
Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks for applications running on AWS. AWS 
Shield Standard is enabled for all AWS customers at no additional cost. 
AWS Shield Standard automatically protects your web applications running
 on AWS against the most common, frequently occurring DDoS attacks. You 
can get the full benefits of AWS Shield Standard by following the best 
practices of DDoS resiliency on AWS. As Shield Standard is automatically
 activated for all AWS customers with no options for any customizations,
 therefore AWS needs to manage the maintenance and configurations for 
this service. Hence this service falls under the purview of AWS.

---

**The DevOps team at an IT company wants to centrally manage its servers on AWS Cloud as well as on-premise data center so that it can collect software inventory, run commands, configure and patch servers at scale. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you recommend for this use-case?**

**Systems Manager**

AWS Systems Manager gives you visibility and control of your 
infrastructure on AWS. Systems Manager provides a unified user interface
 so you can view operational data from multiple AWS services and allows 
you to automate operational tasks such as collecting software inventory,
 running commands, managing patches, and configuring servers across AWS 
Cloud as well as on-premises infrastructure.

AWS Systems Manager offers utilities for running commands, patch-management and configuration compliance

![Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2028.png](Important%20Questions%20(Points)%205a69974d327b449dba7d0e462885041b/Untitled%2028.png)

---

AWS Trusted Advisor can provide alerts on which of the following common security misconfigurations? (Select two)?

**When you allow public access to Amazon S3 buckets**

**When you don't turn on user activity logging (AWS CloudTrail)**

---

An e-commerce company wants to review the Payment Card Industry (PCI) reports on AWS Cloud. Which AWS resource can be used to address this use-case?

**AWS Artifact**

AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for compliance-related 
information that matters to your organization. It provides on-demand 
access to AWS’ security and compliance reports and select online 
agreements. Reports available in AWS Artifact include our Service 
Organization Control (SOC) reports, Payment Card Industry (PCI) reports,
 and certifications from accreditation bodies across geographies and 
compliance verticals that validate the implementation and operating 
effectiveness of AWS security controls. It is not a service, it's a 
no-cost, self-service portal for on-demand access to AWS’ compliance 
reports.

---

Which of the following statements are true regarding Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) (Select two)?

**S3 is a key value based object storage service**

**S3 stores data in a flat non-hierarchical structure**

---

Which AWS services can be used together to send alerts whenever the AWS account root user signs in? (Select two)

**SNS**

**CloudWatch**

---

Which AWS service will help you install application code automatically to an Amazon EC2 instance?

**AWS CodeDeploy**

AWS CodeDeploy is a service that automates application deployments to
 a variety of compute services including Amazon EC2, AWS Fargate, AWS 
Lambda, and on-premises instances. CodeDeploy fully automates your 
application deployments eliminating the need for manual operations. 
CodeDeploy protects your application from downtime during deployments 
through rolling updates and deployment health tracking.

---

Which of the following S3 storage classes has NO constraint of a minimum storage duration charge for objects?

S3 Standard - S3 Standard offers high durability, availability, and performance object storage for frequently accessed data. S3 Standard offers low latency and high throughput performance, It is designed for durability of 99.999999999% of objects across multiple Availability Zones. S3 Standard has no constraint of a minimum storage duration for objects.

---

Which of the following S3 storage classes do not charge any data retrieval fee? (Select two)

**S3 Standard** - S3 Standard offers high durability, 
availability, and performance object storage for frequently accessed 
data. S3 Standard offers low latency and high throughput performance, It
 is designed for durability of 99.999999999% of objects across multiple 
Availability Zones. S3 Standard does not charge any data retrieval fee.

**S3 Intelligent-Tiering** - The S3 Intelligent-Tiering 
storage class is designed to optimize costs by automatically moving data
 to the most cost-effective access tier, without performance impact or 
operational overhead. It works by storing objects in two access tiers: 
one tier that is optimized for frequent access and another lower-cost 
tier that is optimized for infrequent access. S3 Intelligent-Tiering 
does not charge any data retrieval fee.

---

Which of the following are benefits of the AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF)? (Select two)

**WAF can block all requests except the ones that you specify**
 - WAF can block all requests except the ones that you specify. This is 
useful when you want to serve content for a restricted website whose 
users are readily identifiable by properties in web requests, such as 
the IP addresses that they use to browse to the website.

**WAF can check for the presence of SQL code that is likely to be malicious (known as SQL injection)**
 - WAF offers additional protection against web attacks using conditions
 that you specify. You can define conditions by using characteristics of
 web requests such as - IP addresses that requests originate from, 
presence of a script that is likely to be malicious (known as cross-site
 scripting), presence of SQL code that is likely to be malicious (known 
as SQL injection) and many more.

---

Which of the following statements are CORRECT regarding AWS Global Accelerator? (Select two)

**Global Accelerator is a good fit for non-HTTP use cases**
 - Global Accelerator is a good fit for non-HTTP use cases, such as 
gaming (UDP), IoT (MQTT), or Voice over IP, as well as for HTTP use 
cases that specifically require static IP addresses or deterministic, 
fast regional failover.

**Global Accelerator provides static IP addresses that act as a fixed entry point to your applications**
 - It provides static IP addresses that provide a fixed entry point to 
your applications and eliminate the complexity of managing specific IP 
addresses for different AWS Regions and Availability Zones.

---

How is Amazon EC2 different from traditional hosting systems? (Select two)

**Amazon EC2 can scale with changing computing requirements**
 - When computing requirements unexpectedly change, Amazon EC2 can be 
scaled to match the requirements. Developers can control how many EC2 
instances are in use at any given point in time.

**With Amazon EC2, developers can launch and terminate the instances anytime they need to**
 - Using Amazon EC2, developers can choose not only to launch, 
terminate, start or shut down instances at any time, but they can also 
completely customize the configuration of their instances to suit their 
needs.

---

AWS Shield Advanced provides expanded DDoS attack protection for web applications running on which of the following resources? (Select two)

**Amazon CloudFront**

**Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud**

---

A multi-national organization has separate VPCs for each of its business units on the AWS Cloud. The organization also wants to connect its on-premises data center with all VPCs for better organization-wide collaboration. Which AWS services can be combined to build the MOST efficient solution for this use-case? (Select two)

AWS Transit Gateway

AWS Direct Connect

---

Which AWS entity enables you to privately connect your VPC to an Amazon SQS queue?

**VPC Interface Endpoint**

An interface endpoint is an elastic network interface with a private 
IP address from the IP address range of your subnet that serves as an 
entry point for traffic destined to a supported service. Interface 
endpoints are powered by AWS PrivateLink, a technology that enables you 
to privately access services by using private IP addresses. AWS 
PrivateLink restricts all network traffic between your VPC and services 
to the Amazon network. You do not need an internet gateway, a NAT 
device, or a virtual private gateway.

Exam Alert:

You may see a question around this concept in the exam. Just remember
 that only S3 and DynamoDB support VPC Endpoint Gateway. All other 
services that support VPC Endpoints use a VPC Endpoint Interface.

---

As per the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following is a responsibility of AWS from a security and compliance point of view?

**Patching networking infrastructure**

According to the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, AWS is responsible for "Security of the Cloud". This includes protecting the infrastructure that runs all of the services offered in the AWS Cloud. This infrastructure is composed of the hardware, software, networking, and facilities that run AWS Cloud services. Therefore, patching networking infrastructure is the responsibility of AWS.

---

Which AWS service would you use to create a logically isolated section of the AWS Cloud where you can launch AWS resources in your virtual network?

**Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)**

Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) is a logically isolated 
section of the AWS Cloud where you can launch AWS resources in a virtual
 network that you define. You have complete control over your virtual 
networking environment, including the selection of your IP address 
range, creation of subnets, and configuration of route tables and 
network gateways. You can easily customize the network configuration of 
your Amazon VPC using public and private subnets.

---

**Which of the following AWS storage services can be directly used with on-premises systems?**

**Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)**

Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) provides a simple, scalable, 
fully managed elastic NFS file system for use with AWS Cloud services 
and on-premises resources.

To access EFS file systems from on-premises, you must have an AWS 
Direct Connect or AWS VPN connection between your on-premises datacenter
 and your Amazon VPC. You mount an EFS file system on your on-premises 
Linux server using the standard Linux mount command for mounting a file 
system

---

Which pillar of AWS Well-Architected Framework is responsible for making sure that you select the right resource types and sizes based on your workload requirements?

Performance Efficiency - The performance efficiency pillar focuses on using IT and computing resources efficiently. Key topics include selecting the right resource types and sizes based on workload requirements, monitoring performance, and making informed decisions to maintain efficiency as business needs evolve.

---

**An organization would like to copy data across different Availability Zones (AZs) using EBS snapshots. Where are EBS snapshots stored in the AWS Cloud?**

**Amazon S3**

You can create a point-in-time snapshot of an EBS volume and use it 
as a baseline for new volumes or data backup. If you make periodic 
snapshots of a volume, the snapshots are incremental—the new snapshot 
saves only the blocks that have changed since your last snapshot.

You can back up the data on your Amazon EBS volumes to Amazon S3 by taking point-in-time snapshots.

---

According to the Well-Architected Framework, which of the following statements are recommendations in the Operational Excellence pillar? (Select TWO)

**Anticipate failure**

**Make frequent, small, reversible changes**

---

Which of the following billing timeframes is applied when running a Windows EC2 on-demand instance?

**Pay per hour**

With On-Demand instances you only pay for EC2 instances you use. The 
use of On-Demand instances frees you from the costs and complexities of 
planning, purchasing, and maintaining hardware and transforms what are 
commonly large fixed costs into much smaller variable costs.

When running a Windows EC2 on-demand instance, pay per hour pricing is applied.

**Pay per second** - Pay per second pricing is not 
available for Windows EC2 on-demand instances. It is available for Linux
 EC2 on demand-instances.

**Pay per minute** - Pay per minute pricing is not available for Windows EC2 on-demand instances, or any other type of on-demand EC2 instance.

**Pay per day** - Pay per day pricing is not available for Windows EC2 on-demand instances, or any other type of on-demand EC2 instance.

---

Which of the following criteria are used to charge for Elastic Block Store (EBS) volumes? (Select TWO)

**Provisioned IOPS**

**Volume Type**

Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) provides persistent block 
storage volumes for use with Amazon EC2 instances in the AWS Cloud. Each
 Amazon EBS volume is automatically replicated within its Availability 
Zone to protect you from component failure, offering high availability 
and durability. Amazon EBS volumes offer the consistent and low-latency 
performance needed to run your workloads. With Amazon EBS, you can scale
 your usage up or down within minutes—all while paying a low price for 
only what you provision.

The fundamentals charges for EBS volumes are: the volume type (based 
on performance), the storage volume in GB per month provisioned, the 
number of IOPS provisioned per month, the storage consumed by snapshots,
 and outbound data transfer.

---

A company would like to move its infrastructure to AWS Cloud. Which of the following should be included in the Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) estimate? (Select TWO)

**Server administration**

**Power/Cooling**

---

A Cloud Practitioner would like to get operational insights of its resources to quickly identify any issues that might impact applications using those resources. Which AWS service can help with this task?

**AWS Systems Manager**

AWS Systems Manager allows you to centralize operational data from 
multiple AWS services and automate tasks across your AWS resources. You 
can create logical groups of resources such as applications, different 
layers of an application stack, or production versus development 
environments.

With Systems Manager, you can select a resource group and view its 
recent API activity, resource configuration changes, related 
notifications, operational alerts, software inventory, and patch 
compliance status. You can also take action on each resource group 
depending on your operational needs. Systems Manager provides a central 
place to view and manage your AWS resources, so you can have complete 
visibility and control over your operations.

---

Which of the following services are provided by Amazon Route 53? (Select TWO)

**Domain registration**

**Health checks and monitoring**

Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable cloud Domain Name 
System (DNS) web service. It is designed to give developers and 
businesses an extremely reliable and cost-effective way to route end 
users to Internet applications by translating names like www.example.com
 into the numeric IP addresses like 192.0.2.1 that computers use to 
connect to each other.

Amazon Route 53 offers domain name registration services, where you 
can search for and register available domain names or transfer in 
existing domain names to be managed by Route 53.

Amazon Route 53 can monitor the health and performance of your application as well as your web servers and other resources.

---

According to the Well-Architected Framework, which of the following statements are design principles in the Performance Efficiency pillar? (Select TWO)

**Use serverless architectures**

**Experiment more often**

---

Which security control tool can be used to deny traffic from a specific IP address?

**Network ACL**

A Network Access Control List (NACL) is an optional layer of security
 for your VPC that acts as a firewall for controlling traffic in and out
 of one or more subnets (i.e. it works at subnet level). A network ACL 
has separate inbound and outbound rules, and each rule can either allow 
or deny traffic.

---

Which of the following IAM Security Tools allows you to review permissions granted to a user?

**IAM access advisor**

Access advisor shows the service permissions granted to a user and 
when those services were last accessed. You can use this information to 
revise your policies. To summarize, you can identify unnecessary 
permissions so that you can revise your IAM policies accordingly.

---

According to the Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following is both the responsibility of AWS and the customer? (Select two)

**Configuration management**

Shared Controls – Controls which apply to both the infrastructure 
layer and customer layers, but in completely separate contexts or 
perspectives. In a shared control, AWS provides the requirements for the
 infrastructure and the customer must provide their own control 
implementation within their use of AWS services.

Configuration Management – AWS maintains the configuration of its 
infrastructure devices, but a customer is responsible for configuring 
their own guest operating systems, databases, and applications.

**Operating system (OS) configuration**

The customers are responsible for "Security IN the cloud". It 
includes customer data, as well as the guest operating system 
configuration.

OS configuration as a whole is a shared responsibility, but be 
careful: the host OS configuration is the responsibility of AWS, and the
 guest OS configuration is the responsibility of the customer.

---

**A company would like to reserve EC2 compute capacity for three years to 
reduce costs. The company also plans to increase their workloads during 
this period. As a Cloud Practitioner, which EC2 Reserved Instance type 
would you recommend?**

**Convertible Reserved Instances**

Purchase Convertible Reserved Instances if you need additional 
flexibility, such as the ability to use different instance families, 
operating systems, or tenancies over the Reserved Instance term. 
Convertible Reserved Instances provide you with a significant discount 
(up to 54%) compared to On-Demand Instances and can be purchased for a 
1-year or 3-year term.

Convertible Reserved Instances can be useful when workloads are 
likely to change. In this case, a Convertible Reserved Instance enables 
you to adapt as needs evolve while still obtaining discounts and 
capacity reservations.

---

**Which AWS service can inspect CloudFront distributions running on any HTTP web-server?**

**AWS WAF**

AWS WAF is a web application firewall that helps protect web 
applications from attacks by allowing you to configure rules that allow,
 block, or monitor (count) web requests based on conditions that you 
define. These conditions include IP addresses, HTTP headers, HTTP body, 
URI strings, SQL injection and cross-site scripting.

---

A company would like to move 50 petabytes (PBs) of data from its on-premises data centers to AWS in the MOST cost-effective way. As a Cloud Practitioner, which of the following solutions would you choose?

**AWS Snowmobile**

AWS Snowmobile is an Exabyte-scale data transfer service used to move
 extremely large amounts of data to AWS. You can transfer up to 100PB 
per Snowmobile, a 45-foot long ruggedized shipping container, pulled by a
 semi-trailer truck. Snowmobile makes it easy to move massive volumes of
 data to the cloud, including video libraries, image repositories, or 
even a complete data center migration. Transferring data with Snowmobile
 is more secure, fast and cost-effective.

---

**An engineering team is new to the AWS Cloud and it would like to launch a dev/test environment with low monthly pricing. Which AWS service can address this use-case?**

**Amazon Lightsail**

Amazon Lightsail is designed to be the easiest way to launch and 
manage a virtual private server with AWS. Lightsail plans include 
everything you need to jumpstart your project – a virtual machine, SSD- 
based storage, data transfer, DNS management, and a static IP address – 
for a low, predictable price. It is not used to run batch jobs.

It is great for people with little cloud experience to launch quickly a popular IT solution ready to use immediately.

---

Which of the following AWS services can be used to generate, use, and manage encryption keys on the AWS Cloud?

**AWS CloudHSM**

The AWS CloudHSM service helps you meet corporate, contractual, and 
regulatory compliance requirements for data security by using a 
dedicated Hardware Security Module (HSM) instances within the AWS cloud.

CloudHSM allows you to securely generate, store, and manage 
cryptographic keys used for data encryption in a way that keys are 
accessible only by you.

---

A production company would like to establish an AWS managed VPN service between its on-premises network and AWS. Which item needs to be set up on the company's side?

**A customer gateway**

A customer gateway device is a physical or software appliance on your
 side of a Site-to-Site VPN connection. You or your network 
administrator must configure the device to work with the Site-to-Site 
VPN connection.

You can enable access to your remote network from your VPC by 
creating an AWS Site-to-Site VPN (Site-to-Site VPN) connection, and 
configuring routing to pass traffic through the connection.

---

**A start-up would like to monitor its cost on the AWS Cloud and would like to choose an optimal Savings Plan. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you use?**

**AWS Cost Explorer**

AWS Cost Explorer lets you explore your AWS costs and usage at both a
 high level and at a detailed level of analysis, and empowering you to 
dive deeper using several filtering dimensions (e.g., AWS Service, 
Region, Linked Account, etc.) AWS Cost Explorer also gives you access to
 a set of default reports to help you get started, while also allowing 
you to create custom reports from scratch.

Customers can receive Savings Plan recommendations at the member 
(linked) account level in addition to the existing AWS 
organization-level recommendations in AWS Cost Explorer.

---

As part of a flexible pricing model, AWS offers two types of Savings Plans. Which of the following are the Savings Plans from AWS?

**Compute Savings Plans, EC2 Instance Savings Plans** - Savings Plans is a flexible pricing model that provides savings of up to 72% on your AWS compute usage. This pricing model offers lower prices on Amazon EC2 instances usage, regardless of instance family, size, OS, tenancy or AWS Region, and also applies to AWS Fargate and AWS Lambda usage.

---

Which of the following data sources are used by Amazon Detective to analyze events and identify potential security issues?

**AWS CloudTrail logs, Amazon VPC Flow Logs and Amazon GuardDuty findings** - Amazon Detective can analyze trillions of events from multiple data sources such as Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Flow Logs, AWS CloudTrail, and Amazon GuardDuty, and automatically creates a unified, interactive view of your resources, users, and the interactions between them over time.

---

**Which pillar of AWS Well-Architected Framework focuses on using IT and computing resources efficiently, while considering the right resource types and sizes based on workload requirements?**

Performance Efficiency Pillar - The performance efficiency pillar focuses on using IT and computing resources efficiently. Key topics include selecting the right resource types and sizes based on workload requirements, monitoring performance, and making informed decisions to maintain efficiency as business needs evolve.

---

**A team manager needs data about the changes that have taken place for AWS resources in his account during the past two weeks. Which AWS service can help get this data?**

**AWS Config** - AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources. Config continuously monitors and records your AWS resource configurations and allows you to automate the evaluation of recorded configurations against desired configurations. With Config, you can review changes in configurations and relationships between AWS resources, dive into detailed resource configuration histories, and determine your overall compliance against the configurations specified in your internal guidelines. This enables you to simplify compliance auditing, security analysis, change management, and operational troubleshooting.

---

Which of the following statements are correct regarding Amazon API Gateway? (Select two)

**API Gateway can call an AWS Lambda function to create the front end of a serverless application**
 - Amazon API Gateway is an AWS service for creating, publishing, 
maintaining, monitoring, and securing REST, HTTP, and WebSocket APIs at 
any scale. API developers can create APIs that access AWS or other web 
services, as well as data stored in the AWS Cloud.

API Gateway acts as a "front door" for applications to access data, 
business logic, or functionality from your backend services, such as 
workloads running on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2), code 
running on AWS Lambda, any web application, or real-time communication 
applications.

**API Gateway can be configured to send data directly to Amazon Kinesis Data Stream**
 - Amazon API Gateway can execute AWS Lambda functions in your account, 
start AWS Step Functions state machines, or call HTTP endpoints hosted 
on AWS Elastic Beanstalk, Amazon EC2, and also non-AWS hosted HTTP based
 operations that are accessible via the public Internet.API Gateway also
 allows you to specify a mapping template to generate static content to 
be returned, helping you mock your APIs before the backend is ready. You
 can also integrate API Gateway with other AWS services directly – for 
example, you could expose an API method in API Gateway that sends data 
directly to Amazon Kinesis.

---

A company is looking for ways to make its desktop applications available to the employees from browsers on their devices/laptops. Which AWS service will help achieve this requirement without having to procure servers or maintain infrastructure?

**Amazon AppStream 2.0** - Amazon AppStream 2.0 is a fully managed non-persistent application and desktop streaming service. You centrally manage your desktop applications on AppStream 2.0 and securely deliver them to any computer. You can easily scale to any number of users across the globe without acquiring, provisioning, and operating hardware or infrastructure. AppStream 2.0 is built on AWS, so you benefit from a data center and network architecture designed for the most security-sensitive organizations. Each end-user has a fluid and responsive experience because your applications run on virtual machines optimized for specific use cases and each streaming session automatically adjusts to network conditions.

---

Which of the following statements are true about AWS Elastic Beanstalk? (Select two)

**With Elastic Beanstalk, you can quickly deploy and manage 
applications in the AWS Cloud without having to learn about the 
infrastructure that runs those applications**

**There is no additional charge for Elastic Beanstalk. You pay 
only for the underlying AWS resources that your application consumes**

---

To
 meet the compliance norms, a consulting company is expected to store 
its data for three years. The company needs a tamper-proof 
technology/feature to keep the data protected and prevent any 
overwriting or data manipulation during the three-year duration.

As a Cloud Practitioner, which service/functionality will you suggest to keep the data safe?

**Amazon S3 Glacier Vault Lock** - S3 Glacier Vault Lock allows you to easily deploy and enforce compliance controls for individual S3 Glacier vaults with a vault lock policy. You can specify controls such as “write once read many” (WORM) in a vault lock policy and lock the policy from future edits. Once locked, the policy can no longer be changed.

---

A team lead is reviewing the AWS services that can be used in the development workflow for his company. Which of the following statements are correct regarding the capabilities of these AWS services? (Select three)

Each CodeStar project includes development tools, including AWS CodePipeline, AWS CodeCommit, AWS CodeBuild, and AWS CodeDeploy, that can be used on their own and with existing AWS applications

CodePipeline uses Amazon CloudWatch Events to detect changes in CodeCommit repositories used as a source for a pipeline

---

**Which of the following statements are correct regarding the health monitoring and reporting capabilities supported by AWS Elastic Beanstalk? (Select two)**

The Elastic Beanstalk health monitoring can determine that the environment's Auto Scaling group is available and has a minimum of at least one instance

With basic health reporting, the Elastic Beanstalk service does not publish any metrics to Amazon CloudWatch

---

A
 financial consulting company is looking for automated reference 
deployments, that will speed up the process of deploying its financial 
solutions on AWS Cloud. The reference deployment should be able to 
deploy most of the well-known functions of financial services and leave 
space for customizations, if necessary.

Which AWS service will help achieve this requirement?

**AWS Quick Starts** - AWS Quick Starts are automated reference deployments for key workloads on the AWS Cloud. Each Quick Start launches, configures and runs the AWS compute, network, storage, and other services required to deploy a specific workload on AWS, using AWS best practices for security and availability.

---

Which of the following is the least effort way to encrypt data for AWS services only in your AWS account using AWS Key Management Service (KMS)?

Use AWS managed master keys that are automatically created in your account for each service

---

Which of the following statements are correct regarding the AWS Control Tower and Service Control Policies? (Select two)

- Control Tower is an AWS native service providing a pre-defined set of blueprints and guardrails to help customers implement a landing zone for new AWS accounts
- Service control policies (SCPs) are a type of organization policy that you can use to manage permissions in your organization

---

An
 e-commerce application sends out messages to a downstream application 
whenever an order is created. The downstream application processes the 
messages and updates its own systems. Currently, the two applications 
directly communicate with each other.

Which service will you use to decouple this architecture, without any communication loss between the two systems?

**Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS)** - Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) is a fully managed message queuing service that enables you to decouple and scale microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications. SQS eliminates the complexity and overhead associated with managing and operating message-oriented middleware and empowers developers to focus on differentiating work.

---

Which of the following statements are true about AWS Shared Responsibility Model? (Select two)

**AWS is responsible for patching and fixing flaws within the 
infrastructure, but customers are responsible for patching their guest 
OS and applications**

**AWS trains AWS employees, but a customer must train their own employees**

---

Which member of the AWS Snow Family is used by the Edge computing applications for IoT use cases for facilitating the collection and processing of data to gain immediate insights and then transfer the data to AWS?

- AWS Snowcone - AWS Snowcone is the smallest member of the AWS Snow Family of edge computing, edge storage, and data transfer devices, weighing in at 4.5 pounds (2.1 kg) with 8 terabytes of usable storage. Snowcone is ruggedized, secure, and purpose-built for use outside of a traditional data center. Its small form factor makes it a perfect fit for tight spaces or where portability is a necessity and network connectivity is unreliable. You can use Snowcone in backpacks on first responders, or for IoT, vehicular, and drone use cases. You can execute compute applications on the edge, and you can ship the device with data to AWS for offline data transfer, or you can transfer data online with AWS DataSync from edge locations.

---

AWS Support offers four support plans for its customers. Identify the features that are covered as part of the AWS Basic Support Plan? (Select two)

**One-on-one responses to account and billing questions**

**Service health checks**

---

Due
 to regulatory guidelines, a company needs to encrypt data as it passes 
through the different layers of its AWS architecture. The company is 
reviewing the capabilities of the various AWS services and their 
encryption options.

Which of the below services are encrypted by default and need no user intervention to enable encryption?

- CloudTrail Logs, S3 Glacier, AWS Storage Gateway - By default, all data stored by AWS Storage Gateway in S3 is encrypted server-side with Amazon S3-Managed Encryption Keys (SSE-S3). Also, you can optionally configure different gateway types to encrypt stored data with AWS Key Management Service (KMS) via the Storage Gateway API.

---

A company is looking at real-time processing of streaming big data for their ad-tech platform. Which of the following AWS services is the right choice for this requirement?

- Amazon Kinesis data stream - Amazon Kinesis Data Streams enables you to build custom applications that process or analyze streaming data for specialized needs. You can continuously add various types of data such as clickstreams, application logs, and social media to an Amazon Kinesis data stream from hundreds of thousands of sources. Within seconds, the data will be available for your Amazon Kinesis Applications to read and process from the stream.

---

**AWS Web Application Firewall (AWS WAF) can be deployed on which of the following services?**

- **Amazon CloudFront, Application Load Balancer, Amazon API Gateway, AWS AppSync** - AWS WAF is a web application firewall that helps protect your web applications or APIs against common web exploits that may affect availability, compromise security, or consume excessive resources. AWS WAF gives you control over how traffic reaches your applications by enabling you to create security rules that block common attack patterns, such as SQL injection or cross-site scripting, and rules that filter out specific traffic patterns you define.

---

Which of the following AWS services are offered free of cost? (Select two)

**AWS Elastic Beanstalk** - There is no additional 
charge for AWS Elastic Beanstalk. You pay for AWS resources (e.g. EC2 
instances or S3 buckets) you create to store and run your application. 
You only pay for what you use, as you use it; there are no minimum fees 
and no upfront commitments.

**AWS Auto Scaling** - There is no additional charge for
 AWS Auto Scaling. You pay only for the AWS resources needed to run your
 applications and Amazon CloudWatch monitoring fees.

---

Which of the following actions require the root user access credentials? (Select three)

**Register as a seller in the Reserved Instance Marketplace**
 - To sell in the Reserved Instance Marketplace, you must first register
 as a seller. Only the AWS account root user can register an account as a
 seller.

**Change AWS Support plan for your account** - You must sign in with root user credentials to change your AWS support plan.

**Configure an Amazon S3 bucket to enable MFA (multi-factor authentication) delete**
 - The bucket owner, the AWS account that created the bucket (root 
account), and all authorized IAM users can enable versioning. However, 
only the bucket owner (root account) can enable MFA delete.

---

Which of the following statements are true about AWS Regions and Availability Zones (AZs)? (Select two)

Each AWS Region consists of multiple, isolated, and physically separate AZ's within a geographic area

**All traffic between AZ’s is encrypted**

---

A
 company has defined a baseline that mentions the number of AWS 
resources to be used for different stages of application testing. 
However, the company realized that employees are not adhering to the 
guidelines and provisioning additional resources via API calls, 
resulting in higher testing costs.

Which AWS service will help the company raise alarms whenever the baseline resource numbers are crossed?

- AWS CloudTrail Insights - AWS CloudTrail Insights helps AWS users identify and respond to unusual activity associated with write API calls by continuously analyzing CloudTrail management events.

---

Which of the following will help you control the incoming traffic to an Amazon EC2 instance?

- Security Group - A security group acts as a virtual firewall for your EC2 instances to control incoming and outgoing traffic. Inbound rules control the incoming traffic to your instance, and outbound rules control the outgoing traffic from your instance. When you launch an instance, you can specify one or more security groups. If you don't specify a security group, Amazon EC2 uses the default security group. You can add rules to each security group that allows traffic to or from its associated

---